Previously on "How to
Get Away with Murder"...
-Explain the cash.
-Hush money for Rebecca.
-Stanford.
-I want you to come with me.
Denver: Your students were
at the crime scene
the night my A.D.A.
was murdered.
Use these e-mails
to find Philip.
Philip:
Stop fighting me!
They knew
Philip was in town.
-What?
-Caleb. He's missing.
Nobody goes anywhere
by themselves
until the police catch him.
I blame myself
for all of it.
-Take him!
-You raped her.
And then came that boy,
your son, Christophe.
My father, he's dead.
He's very much alive,
and his name
is Wallace Mahoney.
You did it for Sam.
[ Choking ]
She can't know.
You're the one that ordered
Frank to kill Lila.
There's my baby!
She come home!
Connor: You were the last person
to see her.
Wes: We don't know that.
Well, we do know
that she kicked everyone
out of the house
except for you.
Michaela: Seriously, what did
she want to talk to you about?
That's none of
your business.
Annalise is missing.
Caleb is missing.
Everything's
our business now.
-Annalise is missing?
-Where have you been?
Hung over.
Where'd she go?
Do you need us to define
the word "missing" for you?
Oh, can everyone stop
yelling, please?
I can hack
into her credit cards.
-Perfect.
-O-man to the rescue.
-No one's hacking Annalise.
-Are you sure?
Nate hasn't seen her
since yesterday.
What time did you leave here
last night?
I don't know.
9:00?
And do you have someone
[Echoing] that can vouch for
your whereabouts after that?
Do you?
Yeah.
He's sitting right there.
Oliver: Shouldn't we be
calling the police?
No, no, no, O-man. We don't
trust the po-po in this house.
I need to talk to you.
Not now.
Frank.
I was drunk
and mad and stupid,
but I told her
I wouldn't tell anyone else,
so it doesn't really
make sense, right,
that it's related
to why she's gone?
It does.
Why?
Frank, just tell me.
Room 512.
Are you coming?
You ever been
to Fishtown?
[ Chuckles ]
Wait.
Something wrong?
What's better than sex?
You think I'm a gigolo?
[ Chuckles lightly ]
I know what you are.
So, you want
to change your life,
or are you happy just to stay
Annalise Keating's bitch?
Laurel:
[ Echoing ] Frank.
Just tell me.
Bonnie: We found her.
Well, Oliver did.
She bought a plane ticket
to Memphis.
What's in Memphis?
Her mother.
Why would she go there?
You want to tell her?
[ Exhales lightly ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Ringing stops ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Groans ]
Celestine!
I'm sorry.
I forgot you're around murderers
all the time.
[ Chuckles ]
You were snoring
so nice.
I thought I was
10 years old again.
[ Laughs ]
You just home from work?
I stopped by
to check on Mama,
but only got two words in
before she told me
to quiet my loud mouth
so as not to wake you.
I figured she'd come down with
a spontaneous case of dementia.
[ Groans ]
She said she's not sure
how long you're staying.
Fine.
I won't pry.
Unless
that's why you came.
You need to stop
right there,
or else
I'm gonna make you leave.
Make me?
Mm-hmm.
This is more my room
than yours.
I only see my trophies
over there.
You still haven't lost
that big head.
That's 'cause
I can back it up.
It's your big head
you can back up?
[ Chuckles ] And I could
still back that up, too.
[ Both laugh ]
[ Door opens ]
Didn't I send you up here
about an hour ago?
Anna Mae
wouldn't let me leave.
begging you to leave
just so she can get her
some more sleep.
The answer's no.
In a few minutes, you'll have
some people coming up here.
And you up under these covers
looking like "Who shot John?"
Girl, get up
and get in the shower.
-Oh, Mama.
-What's wrong with you?
You stupid?
You think we won't have
a little get-together
when we know you're back?
Get in the shower,
Anna Mae.
I said get in the shower!
It's just a few people.
I'm lying.
It's everyone.
[ Laughs ]
[ Door opens ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Laughter ]
Relax.
I told them the first person
to bring up any of your drama
gets kicked out.
No banana pudding.
Josephine: Anna Mae!
Look who's come on home
to the holler!
-Oh, Auntie, you're so country.
-Is that Michelle Obama?!
We just glad to have you
for a visit, cuz.
You ready to jump on a plane
back to Philly?
Oh, you and all this hair.
Where did she come from?
Somewhere fancy,
I'm guessing.
Hey, listen, did, uh, Celestine
tell you about Marlene?
-Don't, Theo.
-Oh, I'm telling her this story.
[ Laughs ]
Marlene comes down here
last year.
You know,
Christmas, right?
She bragging about her new
boyfriend down in Atlanta.
[ Echoing ]
That's where she living.
He's some old big-money guy,
works finance.
You know, fancy car this,
diamond earring that.
These suits are too good
to go to waste.
Stop it.
Thelonius can use them
for his job search.
Now, who does she want
to call? You.
Like you gonna help
her sad-ass boyfriend
that she been knowing
for two months?
Please.
You got this pot on
too high.
Nice, isn't it?
Hmm?
All those people
still love you.
I tried to stop them
from coming,
but the minute
they heard you were in town...
"The minute they heard"?
You're lucky
to find any of us here.
Going to funerals
is all I've been doing
ever since the last time
I saw you.
You know,
Buddy and Jacklyn.
I just thank God I didn't have
to add you to the list.
Mama. Look at me.
I'm here, I'm better.
Better than being shot up.
But that doesn't make you
all better.
Otherwise, why would you
drag your behind out here?
I'm your daughter,
and I miss you.
Is that a fact?
[ Chuckles ]
Want to help me?
Go get me some butter
from the refrigerator, baby.
Well, you're not gonna get it
standing there.
I asked you
to stay outside.
I know,
but it's not every day
a daddy hears his baby girl's
come home for a visit.
How you doing, Anna Mae?
Anna Mae?
Lisa: [ Echoing ]
What's better than sex?
I know what you are.
You want to change your life?
Or are you happy just to stay
Annalise Keating's bitch?
Annalise:
Why are you here, anyway?
Didn't I tell you
to leave me alone?
You know, you brought me here
to help you.
But if all I get is abuse
from you --
Abuse?
Yeah.
All you do is rip on me.
I'll go get another job
if you hate me so much.
Oh, please.
Sam dragged you
out of the gutter,
then guilted me
into hiring you,
and all I've done is
baby your ass ever since.
You call that abuse,
then you deserve
whatever white-trash future
I was trying to save you from.
Glad you got that
off your chest.
What the hell are they
gonna arrest her for?
All I heard was
the D.A.'s getting a warrant.
But only for Annalise.
As far as I know.
But she has immunity
for that night.
Right.
And you guys don't do any other
illegal crap around here?
You two do
something stupid?
We're always doing
stupid things.
Never made her
jump ship before.
Michaela:
There's an arrest warrant
for Annalise.
What are they
charging her with?
[ Sighs ]
He doesn't know.
Hey, Oliver.
Aren't you in the mood
to do a little hacking?
No. He doesn't do that
anymore.
-I can speak for myself.
-No, you can't.
And let me remind everyone
how we pissed off a sociopath
the last time we let him
hack something for us.
Asher: Right,
but this is just the police,
so it's not as dangerous.
For once,
I agree with Connor.
We're in enough trouble
with the police already.
It's for Annalise.
We need a copy of her warrant.
Annalise would stop this, too,
if she were here.
No.
Annalise:
Does he come here a lot?
Tell me, Mama.
We've been
seeing each other.
You see.
I knew you'd get that
judgy look on your face.
So you're
back together?
Well, you can call it courtship,
dating, or anything you want.
I just call it "nice."
For how long?
Were you with him
when you visited me?
I would've told you
if I were.
Well, since when,
then?
Well, we heard
that you'd been shot
and stopped by
to see how you were doing.
So it's all my fault.
I did not say that.
After everything
that he's done --
You act like he beat me.
No, the worst thing he did
was to move across town.
How do you know
he's not gonna leave again?
I don't.
But you live to be
as old as I am
and see
if you don't eat a cupcake
when it's placed
before you.
[ Chuckles ]
It's a little above your head,
but you'll get used to it.
I won't.
Well, then don't.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Mama!
Lavinia?
-Yeah?
-Listen, baby.
I want you to hide this
telephone from Auntie, okay?
[ Giggles ]
I hate you.
You love me.
Everybody love me.
[ Sighs ]
Don't.
You okay?
No, not really.
You?
Annalise was
protecting me.
That's what she says.
'Cause, according to her,
Wallace Mahoney is my father.
[ Chuckles ]
Wes --
I know.
She's...probably lying.
Again.
He lives in New York.
Okay. No.
You cannot --
I need to at least find out
if it's true.
How? By going over there
and asking him?
No, but I need
to find some --
Stop.
Your dad has nothing to do
with who you are.
So, please just...
don't do anything else
till Annalise is back.
You're right.
Of course I am.
[ Chuckles ]
We kissed -- once -- but it's
never gonna happen again.
And I think we've got
way more pressing issues
than who both of us
are screwing.
You're screwing him, too?
No. God!
Fine. You want to know
what we were talking about?
Our crappy fathers.
What are you
talking about?
You know who my dad is.
Yeah.
Who the hell's
the puppy's?
You don't know?
Just tell me.
Wallace Mahoney.
He's some rich guy
Annalise did a case for in Ohio.
Why don't you know this?
You know how she likes
her secrets.
Annalise: Mama?
Oh!
Mama, you here?
Celestine:
What's wrong?
She left the stove on.
What?
What did I do now?
Disappeared
from your own party.
Mama's party.
And you know why I left.
She's happier with him around,
Anna Mae.
And when he leaves again?
Let's see
if that happens.
Oh, no.
It's gonna happen.
I, for one, am happy
that Mama isn't spending
every night alone in this house.
He's been sleeping here?
You try being an old lady
living alone --
I live alone.
It's not that bad.
And you like it
like that?
-Do you?
-Excuse me?
Dating these days,
or is your job still
keeping you warm at night?
Which job?
The one at the hospital
or the one
taking care of our mother?
Ophelia: Anna Mae?
Anna Mae,
I need you in here.
Gentleman caller say
he come to see you.
Hey.
Lord, have mercy.
Oh, Father, forgive me.
Mama.
He get your juices going,
girl?
Mmm. [ Chuckles ]
What you say,
what you say?
God didn't miss a beat
on that.
Annalise: So,
they haven't issued a warrant?
-Not yet.
-So I'm fine.
Right. I came down here
for no reason.
You're Annalise Keating.
Nothing can touch you.
Is that
what you want me to say?
What do you want me
to do?
Right now, come home.
Deal with this head-on.
I can't.
Why not?
'Cause I just got here. How is
that gonna look to my family?
I think they'd rather
you were out of jail.
Shhhhh!
This ain't normal,
Annalise.
Running away,
not answering my calls.
-I lost my phone.
-Then call your voicemail.
I ran away
because I was attacked,
and now you're coming here
telling me I'm about
to be arrested.
Tell me, in what world
do I not deserve to run away?!
Oh.
Y'all hungry?
Got the food all laid out.
Nate needs to get home,
Mama.
Oh, Anna Mae,
this man traveled all day long
to come here and see you.
It's fine, ma'am.
I should get going.
Now, Nathaniel,
you just being rude.
You come to somebody's house
and not be fed?
Come on, now.
-[ Chuckling ] Okay. All right.
-We ain't gonna hurt you.
We're just gonna feed you.
[ Laughs ]
I did it.
Smart man.
She'll never know
it was you.
Right.
It was...
nice to meet you.
Don't worry.
We'll see each other again.
[ Zipper closes ]
What are you doing here?
Uh, Oliver's gone rogue.
He's hacking the po-po
for A.K.'s warrant.
Oh. Good.
Could've told me that
downstairs.
Yeah, I-I know.
I just thought
maybe we should talk about...
you know.
[ Both moaning ]
There's nothing
to talk about.
Right. Yeah, yeah.
We'll just pretend
like it never happened.
-Because it didn't.
-Exactly.
'Cause, I mean,
if, like, Bonnie found out --
She won't,
and neither will Caleb,
who hopefully isn't dead
right now.
Yeah, I do just --
I want to say this.
Um...
It was bad morally.
I feel that.
I just don't want you to think
that I didn't...enjoy it.
Because I did --
uh, thoroughly.
And you're...
you're something.
[ Exhales shakily ]
Oh, my God. We're gonna do this
again, aren't we?
Yes, please.
[ Gasps ]
Stop, stop.
[ Sighing ] Oh, God.
[ Panting ]
We're not these people.
[ Footsteps depart ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
You put your foot in this,
Ophelia.
Much appreciated,
Big Daddy.
Nate,
how did you two meet?
-Work.
-Really?
How does that go?
I mean, you two
on opposite sides --
Let Nate eat his food.
Well, he doesn't seem to mind
answering a few questions,
do you, Nate?
I learned to defer
to Annalise
on matters concerning
Annalise, ma'am.
Well, this is my table,
so you can defer to me.
-Are you married?
-No.
-Divorced?
-He's a widower.
-Mm.
-Oh.
Sorry to hear that.
Got any kids?
Mama, please.
I'm curious. Handsome man
like Nathaniel --
I wouldn't be surprised
if the women
come knocking down his door
to have them babies.
Well, I won't say
it doesn't happen, ma'am.
Got a sense of humor,
too.
[ Laughs ]
I'm in. I found
Annalise's arrest warrant.
It's already done, so snapping
at me now will achieve nothing.
-Most of it's redacted.
-Of course it is.
And Annalise doesn't need
our help.
If she did,
she would be here
instead of eating
barbecue somewhere
sitting on
the dock of the bay.
There are no bays
in Tennessee.
-FUJISAW.
-What?
There are seven reasons
why arrest warrants
can have their information
redacted.
"F" is
future law enforcement action.
"U" is --
Unknown
investigatory techniques.
but what are you
getting at?
"I" is informant.
Someone could be informing
on Annalise.
-A rat.
-Or you're both just
making things up.
Or one of us
could be the rat.
-Pass the chicken.
-You want a piece of chicken?
Nathaniel, you know
these three children of mine
never gave me
any grandchildren?
Mac:
Well, it makes sense.
Both Celestine and Anna Mae
are career women.
Who has time for kids
when you're busy
helping people
with their lives?
What's my excuse, then?
You just haven't found
the right woman.
Or man.
That's your little favorite
joke. That's an old joke.
You know, Daddy,
lots of women work
and have kids these days.
I know.
Raising kids
is a full-time job.
[ Scoffs ]
One I...
clearly never
figured out myself.
Never figured out
or never tried?
Got a problem,
Anna Mae?
Not with you.
You know,
I think it's time
we segue this dinner
into a party.
-[ Laughs ]
-Sis, you done
messed up already.
[ Up-tempo music plays ]
Josephine:
Come on, now, Nathaniel.
[ Laughter ]
Excuse me, Miss Ophelia.
Woman:
Don't break it.
Whoo-hoo!
[ Laughs ]
Maybe I should leave.
You stay
right where you are.
Let him go.
That's what he's best at.
Anna Mae.
Maybe this is the reason why
you and that husband of yours
never had any babies.
[ Echoing ] Maybe it's because
you never learned
to stop acting like
a damn baby yourself.
You're still as selfish
as ever.
Only thinking about yourself,
worrying about what you want.
Theo:
Hey, I'm paging my baby sister
to the dance floor right now!
Come on, Annalise,
what's up?
You too sedated
to pop that thing?
You got to pop it!
Pop, pop!
Come on, now.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Y'all better watch out.
She's gonna want
to kill me, too.
She won't.
You don't know that.
I do.
'Cause I'm the one
she'd ask to do it.
Tell me you're not gonna do
anything stupid.
I won't.
Look at me and say it.
I'm not gonna do
anything stupid.
[ Indistinct talking
in distance ]
Oh, don't be so mad
anymore.
Your daddy just left.
I know.
What's the matter
with you?
Did you have that much
to drink?
I had a baby, mama.
He died.
Lavinia: Help!
He won't stop chasing me!
Kenya:
What are you two doing?
Get out of Mama Ophelia's
kitchen, or you're going home,
and that is
without dessert.
No, Mommy!
-Listen --
-You promised!
Mommy does not have time
for immature children tonight.
Now, listen, show
Auntie Anna Mae that
you better than that.
You all right?
Yeah.
You said
you wanted to know me.
I had a good time.
Mm-hmm.
Just wait
till you meet my family.
[ Laughs ]
[ Door closes ]
Were you planning on keeping
the baby a secret forever?
I would've told you.
-When?
-When it lived.
But that didn't happen,
did it?
It's why your life
is just upside down.
You've been dragging
this baby's shadow
around with you.
It's what got Sam murdered,
you shot --
I wanted to get shot.
What are you saying?
Don't you ever feel like
it's all too hard?
Anna Mae.
The reason why you feel
it's so hard
is because you're trying
to do it all alone.
I need to sleep.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
Laurel:
[ Echoing ] Wallace Mahoney.
He's some rich guy
Annalise did a case for in Ohio.
Annalise:
Just tell the agent that Rose
told you during the interview
that she was threatened
by the Mahoney family.
That's why she was willing
to lie on the stand.
Eve, please.
Now, I'd do it myself,
but I'd get disbarred.
Or worse.
These people
are dangerous,
especially if what
you're telling me is true,
so stop it.
What happened to
that boy is sad,
but sad things happen
to all of us.
Fine.
I'll do it myself.
No, Annalise!
[ Door closes ]
[ Ringing ]
Take care of it.
[ Tires screeching ]
-This is ridiculous.
-Stop pacing!
-What else am I supposed to do?
-We can't do this on our own.
All right, so, Annalise's
arrest warrant was issued
at 7:30 p.m. on a Tuesday,
so if we just scan
all the police lobby footage
the days before that,
see if we recognize the rat.
When we move
to California,
I'm gonna put you in rehab
for hacking.
-Wait, go back.
-Did you see something?
I swear I saw
A.D.A. Denver.
Reveal thyself,
traitor!
Yeah, there he is!
Okay, now go slow.
Oh, my God.
Is that --
-Yes.
-Oh, my God.
Holy schnikeys.
-No freakin' way.
-Frank?
What?
We found the rat.
Anna Mae.
Wake up.
-What's wrong?
-Get up.
Get up.
It's the middle
of the night.
I know it is.
Get up now -- please.
Come on.
What are we doing,
Mama?
Shh.
Come.
This is...
for you to write a letter
for your baby
to take
to his homegoing.
Mnh-mnh.
All right, I'll do it.
What's his name?
No.
[ Sniffling ]
[ Inhales sharply ]
What now?
[ Sniffling ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Cries softly ]
His name was Sam.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Knock on door ]
Since when does anyone knock?
[ Door opens ]
Mac: It's me, Anna Mae.
I found this in my pocket
this morning.
Please.
Mom told you
to give it to me.
She's just being
your mother.
Well, she needs to stop
doing that.
I'm so sorry I hurt you,
Anna Mae.
Please know that.
Why are you back here?
I love her.
Mnh. You're not here for her.
You're here for you.
'Course I am.
Just like you.
I lost myself out there.
That's what all that running
did to me.
But your mama --
she reminds me of who I am.
I think
you of all people
should understand
how that feels.
Don't you get sick of it?
Coming back here, apologizing,
just to leave again?
Go away.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Hey, it's Frank.
Just got to the office.
Where the hell are you?
Annalise, it's Bonnie.
Laurel just told us what
she said. Please come home.
Laurel: I'm sorry I told you,
and if that's why you left,
please don't blame
anyone else.
It's Wes.
I just need to run something...
Nate: Annalise, hey. Call me
as soon as you get this.
Connor: Oliver's gonna ask you
for a job. I know it, so...
Annalise,
A.D.A. Denver -- again.
I'm giving you the courtesy
to show up on your own,
but I'm sending in
the Tennessee P.D.
if you're not at the station
by 5:00 p.m. today.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
-What?
-Oh, thank God
you picked up. I got her.
Michaela, I'm hanging up
right now if you don't
tell me what you need.
It's about
your arrest warrant.
There's an informant who's
giving evidence against you,
and we know who it is.
Who?
Caleb.
He was never missing.
He was just ratting out
to the police
for who knows how long --
maybe since the beginning.
And I'm just so mad at myself
for not figuring it out.
I should've known
there'd be something wrong
with him, but I --
Michaela, relax.
I know how to handle this.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Ringing ]
Nate:
What's going on?
I hate myself for this,
but...
I need your help now.
You wait too long
to come back,
there could be no mama here
to nurse you back to health.
Subtle, Mama.
Come here.
[ Door opens ]
No lawyer?
I still don't know
my charges.
As of now,
obstruction of justice
and hindering a prosecution
in the Hapstall case.
You manipulated
Caleb Hapstall
into forcing
his sister's confession.
Ordered
one of your interns
to initiate
a sexual relationship with him.
And then you demanded
he pay you six figures
so there would be
no record
of the two of you
working together.
-This is funny to you?
-No.
What's funny is that
your whole case against me
relies on the word
of a sociopathic liar.
Excuse me?
Caleb Hapstall
is a serial killer.
Annalise:
[ Echoing ] Call 911.
There's someone
in Wes' apartment!
Unh!
Stop fighting me!
[ Screaming ]
Caleb killed my mother!
[ Panting ]
Helena Hapstall.
[ Police radio chatter ]
He killed her.
I have proof.
Please.
Believe me.
I'm innocent.
Caleb went running
that night.
We all know that.
What we didn't know
is that he was wearing
a fitness tracker.
I didn't know
you went out.
Just a run
to de-stress.
It records your heart rate,
mileage, location.
I hacked into Caleb's,
and it's all there.
Proof that he was
at the exact...
...location Helena Hapstall's
body was found.
This doesn't prove
anything.
No?
How about this?
Who are you?
Friend of a friend.
Hello?
Philip: You need
to tell them, Catherine.
He's your brother,
you love him, but...
look at where you are
and where he is.
Please. Just tell them
what you told me.
Annalise: Catherine Hapstall
will testify in court
to everything
in this statement --
that on the night
her parents were murdered,
she went to Caleb's room.
Nate:
Why'd you go into his room?
'Cause that's what we did
every night --
slept together.
Not...sex, but...
we'd do other things.
Cuddle.
Kiss.
But when I got to his room
that night...
he wasn't there.
Why are you
just admitting this now?
Because
I'm in love with him.
She was so blinded by love
that she didn't tell anyone
that Caleb left his room
that night
to go torture
and shoot his parents.
Philip's DNA was found
at the crime scene.
'Cause Caleb likely
planted it there --
just like he planted the gun
in his sister's studio --
all to make sure that he was
the sole Hapstall child,
free to inherit
Mommy and Daddy's money.
This is such a reach,
Annalise.
No.
What's a reach
is you prosecuting me --
a respected, powerful,
law-abiding attorney
who just got shot
on the job.
But instead,
you can nail a sociopath
who fooled the entire
Philadelphia justice system --
until you came along
and solved the case
all by yourself.
[ Chuckles ]
No deal.
We know
who the killer is here.
You mean Philip Jessup?
He's here, if you want
to ask him anything.
Reporter:
After a two-week manhunt,
police have located alleged
murder suspect Philip Jessup
right here in Philadelphia.
Sources say Jessup
contacted police himself,
claiming he had new information
about the Hapstall murders,
some of which
has now led police
to again look at Caleb Hapstall
as the prime suspect
in this case.
Are we supposed to believe
any of this?
Haven't you learned
not to ask that question by now?
True or not,
she's brilliant.
...district attorney's office
dropped all charges
against Hapstall...
You okay?
No.
-Everyone out.
-What?
Annalise ran away to escape
all of your annoying faces.
Do you think she's gonna
want to see you the
minute she gets back?
Leave.
...conducting a multi-state
search for his location.
You too.
[ Door closes ]
I've got this.
And sources say
Catherine Hapstall
has been speaking privately
with detectives
about her brother's involvement
in both murders,
even withdrawing the alibi
she gave her brother
the night
her parents were murdered.
And Caleb Hapstall's location
is not being disclosed
at this moment,
the likelihood being he's
already in police custody.
We have reporters standing by
at the police station...
Shirley, hi.
This is, uh, Connor Walsh.
Yeah, I'm calling because I just
received my acceptance e-mail.
Yeah, it is
very, very exciting, but...
I'm actually calling to say
that I won't be attending.
[ Shower turns off ]
It's a long story.
Connor:
I have an idea.
Uh, take me off
all future mailings, too. Bye.
You don't want to move.
I do.
So...let's have sex,
and whoever arrives first
gets to decide once and for all.
That's not fair.
You got a head start.
Well,
take off your shorts
and I'll make sure
that we start even.
[ Door closes ]
Hi.
Frank was just doing
what he was told.
[ Echoing ] Is he dead?
Woman:
I'm so, so sorry.
Take him!
Sam.
How is she?
[ Sniffles ]
She's, uh...
she's good.
But we, uh...
we lost the baby.
They think
the accident caused it.
They rushed her
into the O.R.
and tried to deliver him
as fast as possible,
but, uh...
it was too late.
[ Cries ]
It's my fault.
No, it was --
it was a car accident.
It wasn't.
It was me.
I did this.
Frank...
They told me they just wanted
to get a mistrial.
They said they --
they could say
someone else
put the bug in there,
but they must've known
where she was going.
You're lying.
Tell me you're lying,
Frank.
I'm so sorry.
No try
She can never know.
No.
I need to tell her.
That's not happening.
She needs to know
what they did!
No, what you did.
What you did!
You think about
how she'll feel
knowing
it could've been prevented.
She won't forgive herself.
You know that.
Please.
Let me tell her.
No.
[ Voice breaking ]
I lost my son.
I can't lose her, too.
You tell her...
and I'll ruin you.
You owe me.
[ Choking ]
He held it over him...
all this time.
Why do you keep doing it?
Believing
what men tell you.
It was Sam.
It was the both of them.
[ Voice breaking ]
But I thought I did it.
I thought I killed him. I --
They let me believe that.
I...
[ Sniffles ]
Where is he?
Home.
Annalise.
He needs to go.
I'm fine
Laurel: Frank?
[ Knock on door ]
Hello?
I'm fine
Frank?
I'll stay
Hung and drawn
[ Sighing ]
Laid upon
Each night
Ohhhh
I want to be there, but tell me
how we explain that to anyone.
N-- No.
[ Horn honks ]
The minute I show up,
gossip starts,
and then this --
w-what we've been doing,
that's all
anyone is gonna talk about.
Hold on a second.
Can I help you?
What?
I think I'm your son.
Why would you think that?
Annalise Keating --
[ Gunshot ]
[ People screaming ]
Too bright